TeamCity-HockeyApp (#1)
NguyenHoanTien/TeamCity-HockeyApp-Appium-ReactNative: README.md

> # Integrating Kobiton in TeamCity - HockeyApp - Appium - ReactNative development pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Integrating Appium Testing to ReactNative application on real devices into Teamcity and HockeyApp 
```

> Guidance on integrating Kobiton service into the mobile app build pipeline: TeamCity, HockeyApp, Appium and ReactNative.

Reviewer: Change this. I want it more specific and link it to the diagram

> Kobiton is a mobile cloud platform that enables users to perform manual or automated testing on iOS and Android devices. This guide will demonstrate how to trigger TeamCity to get the latest build on HockeyApp and run Appium automation tests on Kobiton Test Cloud service.

Reviewer 2: I think we should take this directly from Kobiton homepage:
"Kobiton is a mobile **experience** platform that accelerates delivery and testing of mobile apps by offering manual and automated testing on real devices, in the cloud or on-premise."

> Kobiton is a mobile cloud platform that enables users to perform manual or automated testing on iOS and Android devices. This guide will demonstrate how to trigger TeamCity to get the latest build on HockeyApp and run Appium automation tests on Kobiton Test Cloud service.

Reviewer: why do we need this part?

> Below is the diagram demonstrating how Kobiton integrates with your app development pipeline.

Reviewer: remove

> ![diagram](./Readme/assets/diagram.png)

Reviewer: Change the diagram!

> This repository has provided instructions and samples of automation test scripts and minimal middleware server. Refer to [our documentation](./Readme/automation.md) for more details.

Reviewer: What is the point of this part ?

# Integrating Kobiton in TeamCity - HockeyApp - Appium - ReactNative development pipeline
Guidance on integrating Kobiton service into the mobile app build pipeline: TeamCity, HockeyApp, Appium and ReactNative.

If you are using:
+ TeamCity to build app

> + HockeyApp for keeping the daily app build

Reviewer 2: Refer to `https://stackify.com/what-is-hockeyapp/` for HockeyApp definition

> + Appium to write the automation test

Reviewer 2: Appium to write automation test scripts

> + Reactnative to write app

Reviewer 2: ReactNative as a technology to develop application in

> Kobiton is a mobile cloud platform that enables users to perform manual or automated testing on iOS and Android devices. This guide will demonstrate how to configure TeamCity to get the latest build on HockeyApp and run Appium automation tests on Kobiton Test Cloud service.

Reviewer 2: TeamCity is triggered

Below is the diagram demonstrating how Kobiton integrates with your app development pipeline.

![diagram](./Readme/assets/diagram.png)

> This guide will demonstrate [how to run automation tests on your app with the Kobiton service](./Readme/automation.md).

Reviewer 2: `how to run automation tests on your app with the Kobiton service`, are you sure ?
